The Series Has Landed
Fry, Bender, and Leela watch a commercial for Planet Express during a meeting. Fry asks if the giant birds in the commercial are real, and Farnsworth assures him they are not. Later, Hermes Conrad is introduced as the manager of the delivery business. Leela is chosen as the new captain and signs a legal release form. Fry meets Dr. Zoidberg, the staff doctor, who is eccentric. Bender's head is unscrewed for cleaning, and Amy Wong, an intern, is introduced. They prepare to deliver a package to the moon.
The crew arrives at Luna Park on the moon. Fry is excited to explore, but they have a delivery to make first. They encounter a lazy moon man named Sal and then explore the park, encountering mascots, souvenir stalls, and rides. Bender gets affected by a magnet, and they ride a whaling-themed attraction and watch a gopher show. Fry becomes disillusioned with the artificiality of the park and wants to experience the real moon. Leela suggests they go on the Luna Rover ride, but Fry is disappointed when it turns out to be an educational ride featuring a TV comedian.
Amy plays a virtual skeeball game at Luna Park. Bender points out that the ship keys fell into a claw machine. Amy tries to retrieve them but fails. Meanwhile, Fry and Leela explore the moon's surface in a moon buggy. Fry derails the buggy and they venture off the track. They end up in a farmer's barn and are forced to do chores to earn oxygen. Bender gets thrown out of the park by the Moon Patrol and encounters the farmer. Fry and Leela escape the farm, chased by the farmer and his robot daughters. They have a thrilling chase and eventually find the moon landing site. Bender is left behind as they escape in the Apollo 11 Lander.
Leela and Fry reflect on their experience on the moon, realizing that it's not as exciting as they had imagined. Amy saves Bender from the farmer using the ship's winch. Bender sings as they fly away. Leela asks Fry if the real moon lived up to his dreams, and he says it's close enough. The closing credits roll with Bender singing a humorous song about shooting humans with his ray gun.